Add documentation, license, raise and issue links to the docs (#1584)
grafana/plugin-tools: docusaurus/docs/reference/metadata.md

#### Properties

| Property | Type   | Required | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| -------- | ------ | -------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `name`   | string | No       | Display name of the link. Special names with predefined behavior: <br/>• `documentation` - adds Documentation link to plugins detail page<br/>• `repository` - used to determine and link to repository of the plugin<br/>• `license` - adds License link to plugins detail page<br/>• `raise issue` - adds "Raise an Issue" link to plugins detail page |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `name`   | string | No       | Display name of the link. Special names with predefined behavior: <br/>• `documentation` - sets Documentation link on plugins detail page<br/>• `repository` - used to determine and link to repository of the plugin<br/>• `license` - sets License link on plugins detail page<br/>• `raise issue` - sets "Raise an Issue" link on plugins detail page |
```

> | `url`    | string | No       | URL for the link                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `url`    | string | No       | URL value to use for this link                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
```
